hey guys kyle here from the new brick
order and today we're going to learn how
to build a hockey goal i hope you guys
are excited here's a screen shot for
brick link of the parts you're going to
need you can either pause the video here
and write them down or i'll have a link
down in the description so you can see
them later to start building you're
gonna need the 3 1 by 1 cylinder pieces
and then you're going to need a
headlight brick and then you're going to
build that twice and you're just going
to stack them and then if you get two 1
by 4 plates and a 1 by 2 plate and you
stack them like this you can attach them
to the two headlight bricks to make a
very simple hockey goal and i'm showing
you this because not all of you guys are
going to have a lot of the 1 by 1
cylinder pieces and you don't even need
the cylinder pieces you could just use a
1 by 1 brick if you wanted but in a
hockey setting the posts around so i was
going for a more realistic look there so
now we're going to build the Lego hockey
goal that's featured in our brick film
and again you still need those two same
posts but you're going to need a third
one so you're going to need to stack 3 1
by 1 cylinder pieces and that's going to
be your back post and this will be one
stud to short and you'll see later what
i mean by that but if you get to 1 by 2
plates and a 1 by 3 plate and you put
them on the ends of a 1 by 3 plate like
that and then add a 1 by 3 plate on top
of it you make that t shape and you can
attach that to the back post and that's
going to be the main bar in the back of
the net and that 1 by 3 piece is going
to sit on top of the front crossbar and
you'll see to make the front crossbar
you need again 5 more 1 by 1 cylinder
pieces and you need to stick a bar in
between so that bar i'm using there is
the same one that lightsabers and
other Lego elements use and it's pretty
common so you guys should probably be
able to have one and if you don't they
come in a lot of sets so hopefully you
can get them and now we're back to those
one by four plates and you're going to
attach those to the headlight bricks and
then you're going to attach those to the
1 by 2 plates that we did earlier for
the back and have a little bit of
trouble here so move forward and there's
your goal and if you want to use the
netting that we used it comes from an
older Lego set called
6 5 1 8 2 and I'll put a link down in
the description to that but I'm not
going to show you how to attach the net
and once you attach your own net or if
you don't even want to use a net you can
place your goal in your Lego Stadium and
you're going to want to add a stud or as
we did a 1 by 2 plate with one stud on
the top underneath the back post and
this will make the net sit nicer in your
stadium and you can see as we place it
in there was a 1 by 2 there and there
was no studs underneath the posts so it
levels it out and there you have it you
have a Lego hockey goal and it's ready
for your Lego hockey Stadium if you guys
want us to build anything else just
leave a comment below and we'll do our
best to get back to you as soon as
possible and who knows maybe we'll
actually build it
okay let it go
hey guys thanks for watching our video
if you liked this video make sure to
subscribe for more content just like
this and have a great day